docs/features/Export.mdx, before:

---
title: Export Capabilities
section: 10
tags: []
showRightSideBar: false
---
import Playground from '../../components/Playground-OrgChart.astro'

# Export Capabilities

The component allows users to export either the entire diagram or a specific part of it in SVG or PNG format.
Furthermore, it incorporates a print function that leverages the browser's capabilities, enabling users to generate
hard copies or save the diagram as PDF for offline access.

Access to the corresponding export functions is provided through the `useOrgChartContext()` hook described above.

<Playground
    code={`
function OrgChartWrapper() {
  const { print, exportToSvg, exportToPng } = useOrgChartContext()!

      return (
        <>
          <OrgChart data={data}></OrgChart>
          <div className="toolbar">
            <button className="toolbar-button" onClick={async () => await print({ scale: 2 })}>Print</button>
            <button className="toolbar-button" onClick={async () => await exportToSvg({ scale: 2 })}>Export to SVG</button>
            <button className="toolbar-button" onClick={async () => await exportToPng({ scale: 2 })}>Export to PNG</button>
          </div>
        </>
      )
    }

    function App () {
      return (
        <OrgChartProvider>
          <OrgChartWrapper></OrgChartWrapper>
        </OrgChartProvider>
      )
    }
`}
    data={`
    [
     {
       "id": 1,
       "position": "Chief Executive Officer",
       "name": "Eric Joplin",
       "email": "ejoplin@yoyodyne.com",
       "status": "present",
       "icon": "../assets/usericon_male1.svg",
       "subordinates": [2, 3, 15]
     },
     {
       "id": 2,
       "position": "Senior Executive Assistant",
       "name": "Alexander Burns",
       "email": "aburns@yoyodyne.com",
       "status": "busy",
       "icon": "../assets/usericon_male3.svg",
     },
     {
       "id": 3,
       "position": "Junior Executive Assistant",
       "name": "Linda Newland",
       "email": "lnewland@yoyodyne.com",
       "status": "travel",
       "icon": "../assets/usericon_female1.svg",
     }
   ]
  `}
    css={`
        .toolbar {
            position: absolute;
            top: 20px;
            left: 20px;
            background-color: #393939;
            border-radius: 10px;
            padding: 5px;
        }

        .toolbar-button {
            outline: none;
            border: none;
            background-color: #393939;
            color: white;
            cursor: pointer;
            transition: background-color 0.3s ease 0s, border-color 0.3s ease 0s;
            font-size: 16px;
            padding: 0.5rem 1.2rem 0.5rem 0.8rem;
            border-radius: 10px;
        }

        .toolbar-button:hover {
            background-color: #2b2b2b;
        }
    `
    }
/>

Commit message:

REA-288: added astro link component

docs/features/Export.mdx, after:

---
title: Export Capabilities
section: 10
tags: []
showRightSideBar: false
---
import Playground from '../../components/Playground-OrgChart.astro'
import TypeLink from '../../components/TypeLink.astro'

# Export Capabilities

The component allows users to export either the entire diagram or a specific part of it in SVG or PNG format.
Furthermore, it incorporates a print function that leverages the browser's capabilities, enabling users to generate
hard copies or save the diagram as PDF for offline access.

Access to the corresponding export functions is provided through the <TypeLink type="useOrgChartContext" /> hook described above.

<Playground
    code={`
function OrgChartWrapper() {
  const { print, exportToSvg, exportToPng } = useOrgChartContext()!

      return (
        <>
          <OrgChart data={data}></OrgChart>
          <div className="toolbar">
            <button className="toolbar-button" onClick={async () => await print({ scale: 2 })}>Print</button>
            <button className="toolbar-button" onClick={async () => await exportToSvg({ scale: 2 })}>Export to SVG</button>
            <button className="toolbar-button" onClick={async () => await exportToPng({ scale: 2 })}>Export to PNG</button>
          </div>
        </>
      )
    }

    function App () {
      return (
        <OrgChartProvider>
          <OrgChartWrapper></OrgChartWrapper>
        </OrgChartProvider>
      )
    }
`}
    data={`
    [
     {
       "id": 1,
       "position": "Chief Executive Officer",
       "name": "Eric Joplin",
       "email": "ejoplin@yoyodyne.com",
       "status": "present",
       "icon": "../assets/usericon_male1.svg",
       "subordinates": [2, 3, 15]
     },
     {
       "id": 2,
       "position": "Senior Executive Assistant",
       "name": "Alexander Burns",
       "email": "aburns@yoyodyne.com",
       "status": "busy",
       "icon": "../assets/usericon_male3.svg",
     },
     {
       "id": 3,
       "position": "Junior Executive Assistant",
       "name": "Linda Newland",
       "email": "lnewland@yoyodyne.com",
       "status": "travel",
       "icon": "../assets/usericon_female1.svg",
     }
   ]
  `}
    css={`
        .toolbar {
            position: absolute;
            top: 20px;
            left: 20px;
            background-color: #393939;
            border-radius: 10px;
            padding: 5px;
        }

        .toolbar-button {
            outline: none;
            border: none;
            background-color: #393939;
            color: white;
            cursor: pointer;
            transition: background-color 0.3s ease 0s, border-color 0.3s ease 0s;
            font-size: 16px;
            padding: 0.5rem 1.2rem 0.5rem 0.8rem;
            border-radius: 10px;
        }

        .toolbar-button:hover {
            background-color: #2b2b2b;
        }
    `
    }
/>
